In this lecture we will learn about the different ways that we can add CSSA to an HMO webpage.
In total there were three ways that we can add CSSA to an each team document inline internal and external
an inline style is a style that is applied to one element.
To use an inline style we had a style attribute to an HDMI tag and then assign it a value of the style
we want applied to the HDMI element an internal style is when we add a style element to our female document
using the style tag and put our code to Starla or HVM elements inside of the opening and closing style
tags on external styles when we separate r h t M L and C Ss files and then use the HDMI link tag to
link the two together.
We looked at an example of this in a previous lecture where we learned how to create an external CSSA
stylesheet.
It is recommended and usually considered best practice to keep HVM L and C S S code as two separate
files and then to use the HDMI link tagged to link the two together.
However each of these three ways to style each team out elements has their own use when you want to
define styles that will be used and shared throughout an entire Web site.
You should use external styling when you have certain styles that only apply to one web page.
You could use internal styling and put these styles directly into a style element in the HVM code.
If you have one HDMI element that you know you want to style independently from all of the other elements
and you never want this style to be re-used on any other elements you can use inline styling.
Additionally inline and internal styling can be used to quickly test how styles look on your web page
and then you could put them into their own file once you solidify the aesthetic of the elements on your
email page.
It is also worth noting some more advantages to external styling external styling follows the general
coding guidelines of separation of concerns and modular programming.
Also using external styling makes your code more scalable and easier to modify as it grows in size and
complexity.
When you want to change the style of an element all of the style of code is in one place and is not
all thrown directly into the HVM I'll file where it will make it harder to navigate the HVM l file in
the next lecture.
We were learn about CSSA syntax.